All right so, excited to
actually get working on code and
stuff and not talking so much but
hopefully you get an idea
of what role Remix plays in the world
of building an application.
And yeah, the TLDR is a very large role.
Okay, great.
So, this is the Remix
fundamentals workshop.
Let's talk about this a little bit.
I'm using VSCode.
I'm using night owl as my theme,
and my font is dank mono.
So, questions that people
always seem to ask.
So there you go.
We have a bunch of exercises
in our exercise directory, and
then the final version of those exercises
in the final directory you might
notice there are more finals
than there are exercises.
That's because, we have a couple
of steps in some of the exercises.
And so, I have you do,
like do this chunk and then this chunk.
So, there are a couple of neat tools that
will help you go through each one of these
exercises.
But first I wanna show you
where the instructions are.
So, if you open up the first exercise,
you'll see this is like what
a Remix application looks like.
This is very similar to what
you would come with if you ran
the indie stack setup.
In fact, let me show you how
to do that really quick.
Even though we're not gonna use this.
So, if you run npx create Remix,
Then this is going to install the create
Remix CLI temporarily to your computer.
And as soon as that finishes after
the install process, here we go.
As soon as that's finished, then you can
just answer the interactive question.
So where would you like to create it?
My Remix app, that's fine.
And then it'll give you the options.
If you choose pre configured
stack ready for production,
then that will give you the options
between these three stacks.
These are the official stacks
that are maintained by Remix.
And if you want to learn more,
then you go to this URL.
And I chose the indie stack
when setting up this workshop.
And I chose TypeScript because I can't
even imagine not using TypeScript.
And then you run the installation,
it will go through the install process and
some more setup stuff.
If you skip the installation then it will
tell you what to do to finish the setup.
And then it has like a user
authentication implemented already and
data models SQLite database,
all that stuff already ready for you.
And just some instructions in
the readme on how to get it deployed.
So that is what we're going to
be using for our workshop today.
So, if you wanted to set up
something kind of like this,
then you could just run that.
So, in each one of these exercise
directories, we have this readme.md file,
and that is where you're going
to start every exercise.
You'll come into here, you'll read through
or maybe skim some of the background.
I've got links to different things in
here that could be useful to you as well.
And then we have instructions on the
exercise, what you're actually supposed to
do, in addition to what files
you're gonna be working in and
then at the very bottom it has
this elaboration and feedback.
So, an important part of remembering
what you've learned is taking notes and
making note of what you've learned.
So, if you wanna provide me with some
feedback on the workshop that you can do
that with this link at
the bottom of each one of these.
But the most important thing is that
you're taking notes and writing down what
you've learned, and I have a section for
that at the very top called notes.
So, you can just put in your
notes whatever you learned and
that's valuable for your learning.
So that is where you find the instructions
is the readme of each one of these
exercises.
Now, like I said earlier there
are a couple of tools to help
make this a little bit easier for
you, and so
if you open up your terminal and
use node to run these two scripts.
We've got the dev script, so
we say no to dev, and if you just
execute that then it will ask you which
one of the apps you wanna start and
you could choose which one you want.
So, we can hit routing and
it will start that on a particular port.
So all the exercises run on port 4000, and
then the number of exercise you're on.
So you can run all of the exercises
at once if you wanted to.
I don't recommend it because on localhost
can kind of get funny with like cookies.
And it's all the same domain.
It's just different ports.
But you can run them all at the same time.
And then if we run node dev and
switch to final,
then we'll see that
we'll run on port 5,001.
So that's the 5,000 space exercise or
extra credits run on 5,000 plus 50,
plus the exercise number.
And then if you want to skip the selection
thing, then you can actually just
provide the exercise number and
it will just run that exercise number.
So, node run dev or
node dev 1 will run exercise one.
And then if you run node dev final/01,
then that will run the final.
Okay, cool.
So, then,
throughout the workshop you're gonna be
making changes to code and you might think
that you're like I totally got this,
why is it not working the same way?
They're like what is the difference,
what's the diff?
Well, we have a node diff that will give
you the difference between what's in
the app directory in the final and what's
in the app directory of your exercise.
And so, if we run node diff 1,
then this will give you the diff
between the final and your exercise.
Don't like no cheating.
So, I recommend you only do that if
you're like totally stuck or whatever.
I thought I had it exactly the same but
I don't.
And then of course you can
run node diff by itself and
it will let you do a diff between
any exercise, any folder, whatever.
So, those are the tools that will
hopefully help you as you're working
through all this, of course you can ask
me questions and all of that stuff.
I will be happy to answer questions and
stuff as we go.
But I think it's important for
you to know the way that I do this.
I used to do workshops where I would
be like, okay, watch me do this and
I gonna just tune out this thing really
quick and you're gonna basically,
copy what I did, okay.
Or I actually, early, I would just,
okay, you're gonna follow me.
And I found out that because I
already know all of this stuff,
I move pretty fast, and
too fast for people to catch up.
So, then I said, don't follow me, I'm just
gonna do it and now you're gonna do it.
And I realized that that's not
a great way for people to remember,
because they're literally just
regurgitating what I'm saying.
So, what I do now, is I say here's
a problem, deal with it, and
then I just let you go, and I give you
the resources I'm not throwing you out in
the ocean without a life jacket,
I give you a life jacket.
[LAUGH] But I liked you work on it and
struggle with it because that is how you
sort of find in your mind,
how this stuff works.
And so, then we come back together and
I work through it and
you can an ask me questions as we go.
So, that's how this operates.
We just do this for
every one of the exercises.